Missing verses retrieved from https://git.door43.org/unfoldingWord/en_ult/src/tag/v11

gen 31:55
Early in the morning Laban got up, kissed his grandsons and his daughters and blessed them. Then Laban left and returned home.

exo 8:29-32
Moses said, "As soon as I go out from you, I will pray to Yahweh that the swarms of flies may leave you, Pharaoh, and your servants and people tomorrow. But you must not deal deceitfully any more by not letting our people go to sacrifice to Yahweh."
Moses went out from Pharaoh and prayed to Yahweh.
Yahweh did as Moses asked; and he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, his servants, and his people. Not one remained.
But Pharaoh hardened his heart this time also, and he did not let the people go.

exo 22:31
You will be people that are set apart for me. So you must not eat any meat that was torn by animals in the field. Instead, you must throw it to the dogs.

lev 6:24-30
Yahweh spoke to Moses again, saying,
"Speak to Aaron and to his sons, saying, 'This is the law of the sin offering: The sin offering must be killed at the place where the burnt offering is killed before Yahweh. It is most holy.
The priest who offers it for sin will eat it. It must be eaten in a holy place in the courtyard of the tent of meeting.
Whatever touches its meat will become holy, and if the blood is sprinkled on any garment, you must wash it, the part that was sprinkled on, in a holy place.
But the clay pot in which it is boiled must be broken. If it is boiled in a bronze pot, it must be scrubbed and rinsed clean in water.
Any male among the priests may eat some of it because it is most holy.
But any sin offering whose blood is brought into the tent of meeting to make atonement in the holy place must not be eaten. It must be burned.

num 16:36-50
Again Yahweh spoke to Moses and said,
"Speak to Eleazar son of Aaron the priest and let him take up the censers out of the flames, for the censers are set apart to me. Then let him scatter the burning coals at a distance.
Take the censers of those who lost their lives because of their sin. Let them be made into hammered plates as a covering over the altar. Those men did offer them before me, so they are set apart to me. They will be a sign of my presence to the people of Israel."
Eleazar the priest took the bronze censers that had been used by the men who were burned up, and they were hammered out into a covering for the altar,
to be a reminder to the people of Israel, so that no outsider who was not descended from Aaron should come up to burn incense before Yahweh, so they might not become like Korah and his group—just as Yahweh had commanded through Moses.
But the next morning all the community of the people of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron. They said, "You have killed Yahweh's people."
Then it happened, when the community had assembled against Moses and Aaron, that they looked toward the tent of meeting and, behold, the cloud was covering it. Yahweh's glory appeared,
and Moses and Aaron came to the front of the tent of meeting.
Then Yahweh spoke to Moses. He said,
"Go away from in front of this community so that I may consume them immediately." Then Moses and Aaron lay down with their faces to the ground.
Moses said to Aaron, "Take the censer, put fire in it from off the altar, put incense in it, carry it quickly to the community, and make atonement for them, because anger is coming from Yahweh. The plague has begun."
So Aaron did as Moses directed. He ran into the middle of the community. The plague had quickly started to spread among the people, so he put in the incense and made atonement for the people.
Aaron stood between the dead and the living; in this way the plague was stopped.
Those who died by the plague were 14,700 in number, besides those who had died in the matter of Korah.
Aaron returned to Moses at the entrance to the tent of meeting, and the plague ended.

num 29:40
Moses told the people of Israel everything that Yahweh had commanded him to say.

deu 12:32
Whatever I command you, observe it. Do not add to it or take away from it.

deu 22:30
A man must not take his father's wife as his own; he must not take away his father's marriage rights.

deu 29:29
The secret matters belong alone to Yahweh our God; but the things that are revealed belong forever to us and to our descendants, so that we may do all the words of this law.

1sa 23:29
David went up from there and lived in the strongholds of Engedi.

2sa 18:33 
Then the king was deeply unnerved, and he went up to the room over the gate and wept. As he went he grieved, "My son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! I wish I had died instead of you, Absalom, my son, my son!"

1ki 4:21-34
Solomon ruled over all the kingdoms from the River to the land of the Philistines and to the border of Egypt. They brought tribute and served Solomon all the days of his life.
Solomon's provision for one day was thirty cors of fine flour and sixty cors of meal,
ten fat oxen, twenty oxen out of the pastures, and one hundred sheep, besides deer, gazelles, roebucks, and fattened fowl.
For he had dominion over all the region on this side of the River, from Tiphsah as far as to Gaza, over all the kings on this side the River, and he had peace on all sides around him.
Judah and Israel lived in safety, every man under his vine and under his fig tree, from Dan to Beersheba, all the days of Solomon.
Solomon had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen.
Those officials provided food for King Solomon and for all who came to King Solomon's table, every man in his month. They let nothing be lacking.
They also brought to the proper place barley and straw for the chariot horses and riding horses, each one bringing in what he was able.
God gave Solomon great wisdom and understanding, and wideness of understanding like the sand on the seashore.
Solomon's wisdom exceeded the wisdom of all the people of the east and all the wisdom of Egypt.
He was wiser than all men—than Ethan the Ezrahite, Heman, Kalkol, and Darda, the sons of Mahol—and his fame reached all the surrounding nations.
He spoke three thousand proverbs and his songs were one thousand and five in number.
He described the plants, from the cedar that is in Lebanon to the hyssop that grows out of the wall. He explained also about beasts, birds, creeping things, and fish.
People came from all the nations to hear the wisdom of Solomon. They came from all kings of the earth who had heard of his wisdom.

2ki 11:21
Joash was seven years old when he began to reign.

1ch 6:67-81 
They gave them: Shechem (a city of refuge) with its pasturelands in the hill country of Ephraim, Gezer with its pasturelands,
Jokmeam with its pasturelands, Beth Horon with its pasturelands,
Aijalon with its pasturelands, and Gath Rimmon with its pasturelands.
The half tribe of Manasseh gave the Kohathites Aner with its pasturelands and Bileam with its pasturelands. These became the possessions of the rest of the Kohathite clans.
To Gershon's descendants out of the clans of the half tribe of Manasseh, they gave Golan in Bashan with its pasturelands and Ashtaroth with its pasturelands.
The tribe of Issachar gave to Gershon's descendants Kedesh with its pasturelands, Daberath with its pasturelands,
Ramoth with its pasturelands, and Anem with its pasturelands.
Issachar received from the tribe of Asher: Mashal with its pasturelands, Abdon with its pasturelands,
Hukok with its pasturelands, and Rehob with its pasturelands.
They received from the tribe of Naphtali: Kedesh in Galilee with its pasturelands, Hammon with its pasturelands, and Kiriathaim with its pasturelands.
The rest of Merari's descendants received from the tribe of Zebulun: Jokneam, Kartah, and Rimmono with its pasturelands and Tabor with its pasturelands; 
and from the tribe of Reuben, across the Jordan on the east side of Jericho, they received Bezer in the desert, Jahzah, 
Kedemoth and its pasturelands, and Mephaath and its pasturelands.
The Levites received from the tribe of Gad: Ramoth in Gilead with its pasturelands, Mahanaim with its pasturelands,
Heshbon with its pasturelands, and Jazer with its pasturelands.

2ch 2:18
He assigned seventy thousand of them to carry loads, eighty thousand to be stonecutters in the mountains, and 3,600 to be supervisors to put the people to work.

2ch 14:15 
The army also destroyed the tent settlements of the shepherding nomads; they carried away sheep in abundance, as well as camels, and then they returned to Jerusalem.

neh 4:18-23
Every builder wore his sword on his side and that is how he worked. The one who sounded the trumpet stayed beside me.
I said to the nobles and to the officials and to the rest of the people, "The work is great and extensive, and we are separated on the wall, far from one another.
You must rush to the place where you hear the trumpet sound and assemble there. Our God will fight for us."
So we were doing the work. Half of them were holding spears from the rising of the dawn until the coming out of the stars.
I also said to the people at that time, "Let every man and his servant spend the night in the middle of Jerusalem, so they may be for us a guard during the night and a worker in the day."
So neither I, nor my brothers, nor my servants, nor the men of the guard who followed me, none of us changed our clothes, and each of us carried his weapon, even if he went for water.

neh 7:73
So the priests, the Levites, the gatekeepers, the singers, some of the people, the temple servants, and all Israel lived in their cities. By the seventh month the people of Israel were settled in their cities."

neh 9:38
Because of all this, we make a firm covenant in writing. On the sealed document are the names of our princes, Levites, and priests."

job 41:27-34 
He thinks of iron as if it were straw, and of bronze as if it were rotten wood.
An arrow cannot make him flee; to him sling stones become chaff.
Clubs are regarded as straw; he laughs at the whirring flight of a spear.
His lower parts are like sharp pieces of broken pottery; he leaves a spreading trail in the mud as if he were a threshing sledge.
He makes the deep to foam up like a pot of boiling water; he makes the sea like a pot of ointment.
He makes a shining wake behind him; one would think the deep had gray hair.
On earth there is no equal to him, who has been made to live without fear.
He sees everything that is proud; he is king over all the sons of pride."

ecc 5:20 
For he does not call to mind very often the days of his life, because God makes him keep busy with the things that he enjoys doing.

sng 6:13
Turn back, turn back, you perfect woman; turn back, turn back so that we may gaze on you. The woman speaking to the friends Why do you gaze on the perfect woman, as if on the dance between two armies?

isa 9:21
Manasseh will devour Ephraim, and Ephraim, Manasseh; and they together will attack Judah. In all these things, his anger does not subside; instead, his hand is still stretched out.

isa 64:12
How can you still hold back, Yahweh? How can you remain silent and continue to humiliate us?"

jer 9:26
I will punish Egypt and Judah, Edom, the people of Ammon, Moab, and all the people who cut the hair on their heads very short. For all these nations are uncircumcised, and all the house of Israel has an uncircumcised heart."

ezk 20:45-49 
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
"Son of man, set your face toward the southern lands, and speak against the south; prophesy against the forest of the Negev.
Say to the forest of the Negev, 'This is Yahweh's declaration—the Lord Yahweh says this: See, I will set a fire among you. It will devour every fresh tree and every dried tree among you. The fiery flame will not be quenched; every face from the south to the north will be burned.
Then all flesh will see that I am Yahweh when I light the fire, and it will not be quenched.'"
Then I said, "Alas! Lord Yahweh, they are saying of me, 'Is he not a mere teller of parables?'"

dan 4:35-37
All the earth's inhabitants are considered by him to be as nothing; he does among the army of heaven and the inhabitants of the earth whatever suits his will. No one can stop him or challenge him. No one can say to him, 'Why have you done this?'"
At the same time that my sanity returned to me, my majesty and splendor returned to me for the glory of my kingdom. My counselors and my noblemen sought my favor. I was brought back to my throne, and even more greatness was given to me.
Now I, Nebuchadnezzar, praise, extol, and honor the King of heaven, for all his deeds are right, and his ways are just. He can humble those who walk in their own pride.

dan 5:31 
and Darius the Mede received the kingdom when he was about sixty-two years old.

hos 1:10-11
Yet the number of the people of Israel will be like the sand of the seashore, which cannot be measured or counted. It will be that where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' it will be said to them, 'You are people of the living God.'
The people of Judah and the people of Israel will be gathered together. They will appoint one leader for themselves, and they will go up from the land, for great will be the day of Jezreel.

hos 11:12
Ephraim surrounds me with falsehood, and the house of Israel with deceit. But Judah is still going about with me, God, and is faithful to me, the Holy One."

hos 13:16 
Samaria will be guilty, for she has rebelled against her God. They will fall by the sword; their young children will be dashed to pieces, and their pregnant women will be ripped open.

jol 2:28-32
It will come about afterward that I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh, and your sons and your daughters will prophesy. Your old men will dream dreams, your young men will see visions.
Also on servants and female servants, in those days I will pour out my Spirit.
I will show wonders in the heavens and on the earth, blood, fire, and pillars of smoke.
The sun will turn into darkness and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of Yahweh comes.
It will be that everyone who calls on the name of Yahweh will be saved. For on Mount Zion and in Jerusalem there will be those who escape, as Yahweh has said, and among the survivors, those whom Yahweh calls.

jol 3:6-21 
You sold the people of Judah and Jerusalem to the Greeks, in order to remove them far from their territory.
Look, I am about to stir them up, out of the place where you sold them, and will return payment on your own head.
I will sell your sons and your daughters, by the hand of the people of Judah. They will sell them to the Sabeans, to a nation far off, for Yahweh has spoken."
Proclaim this among the nations, "Prepare yourselves for war, rouse the mighty men, let them come near, let all the men of battle come up.
Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruning knives into spears. Let the weak say, 'I am strong.'
Hurry and come, all you nearby nations, gather yourselves together there. Yahweh, bring down your mighty warriors.
Let the nations wake themselves up and come up to the Valley of Jehoshaphat. For there will I sit to judge all the surrounding nations.
Put in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe. Come, crush the grapes, for the winepress is full. The vats overflow, for their wickedness is enormous."
There is a tumult, a tumult in the Valley of Judgment. For the day of Yahweh is near in the Valley of Judgment.
The sun and the moon become dark, the stars keep back their brightness.
Yahweh will roar from Zion, and raise his voice from Jerusalem. The heavens and earth will shake, but Yahweh will be a shelter for his people, and a fortress for the people of Israel.
"So you will know that I am Yahweh your God who lives in Zion, my holy mountain. Then Jerusalem will be holy, and no army will march through her again.
It will come about on that day that the mountains will drip with sweet wine, the hills will flow with milk, all the brooks of Judah will flow with water, and a fountain will come from the house of Yahweh and water the Valley of Shittim.
Egypt will become an abandoned devastation, and Edom will become an abandoned wilderness, because of the violence done to the people of Judah, because they shed innocent blood in their land.
But Judah will be inhabited forever, and Jerusalem will be inhabited from generation to generation.
I will avenge their blood that I have not yet avenged, for Yahweh lives in Zion."

jon 1:17 
Now Yahweh had prepared a great fish to swallow Jonah, and Jonah was in the stomach of the fish three days and three nights.

mic 5:15 
I will execute vengeance in anger and wrath on the nations that have not listened."

nam 1:15 
Look, on the mountains there are the feet of someone who is bringing good news, who is announcing peace! Celebrate your festivals, Judah, and keep your vows, for the wicked one will invade you no more; he is completely cut off.

zec 1:18-21
Then I lifted up my eyes and saw four horns!
I spoke to the angel who talked with me, "What are these?" He answered me, "These are the horns that have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem."
Then Yahweh showed me four craftsmen.
I said, "What are these people coming to do?" He answered, and said, "These are the horns that scattered Judah so that no man would lift up his head. But the blacksmiths have come to terrify them, to cast down the horns of the nations that lifted up a horn against the land of Judah to scatter her."

mal 4:1-6 
For see, the day is coming, burning like a furnace, when all the arrogant and all the evildoers will become stubble. The day that is coming will burn them up," says Yahweh of hosts, "so that it will leave them neither root nor branch.
But for you who fear my name, the sun of righteousness will rise with healing in its wings. You will go out, and you will leap like calves from the stall.
On that day you will trample down the wicked, for they will be ashes under the soles of your feet on the day that I act," says Yahweh of hosts.
"Remember the teaching of my servant Moses that I gave him at Horeb for all Israel, the statutes and the rulings.
See, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and fearful day of Yahweh.
He will turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, so that I do not come and attack the land with complete destruction."

act 19:41
When he had said this, he dismissed the assembly.

2co 13:14
May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with all of you.